---
tags: [changelog]
stoplight-id: fhmwlcw9p5m5e
---

# Changelog 1.14 -> 1.15

Changes between version 1.14 and version 1.15 are listed here.

## POST /eligibilities input

### Separating distance calculation from zoning

There are 2 options based on geographic characteristics: 
The "distance" option, which calculates the distance between picking and delivery points, then applies an eligibility filter in relation to the MIN and MAX constraints of the carriers.
The "zoning" option, which allows the customers to apply an eligibility filter at carrier level in relation to a geographical polygon corresponding to a list of zip codes or cities.

Until now, these two options were included in a single field in the postEligibilities call (`distance`). If the `distance` field was activated, both distance and geographic search were active (potentially resulting in unnecessary costs).

It is now possible to request a distance calculation with or without the geographic filter depending on needs (and the other way round).

<!--
type: tab
title: Versions up to 1.13.0
-->

```json
  "options": {
    "distance": {
      "active": true
    }
  }
```

<!--
type: tab
title: From version 1.14.0
-->
```json
  "options": {
    "distance": {
      "active": false
    },
    "zoning": {
      "active": true
    }
  }
```
<!-- type: tab-end -->
In the example above, only the geographic area search will be used.

### Conditions and operation of search by geographic zone:

* If the GPS coordinates of the delivery location have already been retrieved previously (distance calculation), the same coordinates are used.
* Otherwise, if the GPS coordinates of the delivery address are entered in the call, we retrieve them.
* Otherwise, if no GPS coordinates but the delivery address is an exchange place, we retrieve the GPS coordinates of the sampling point from the DB. 
* Otherwise, we geocode the address via a third party service.

## POST /orders

### Add Opt-in on delivery contact

Defines the explicit consent of the customer to be contacted for survey or delivery tracking events for a specific channel. If a channel is not present, notifications won't be sent on this channel

To ensure backward compatibility, if the optin section is not sent, then the customer's implicit consent will be considered and notifications sent.

<!--
type: tab
title: Versions up to 1.13.0
-->

```json
  "delivery": {
    "contact": {
      "firstName": "Pierre",
      "lastName": "Dupond",
      "phone": "+33600000000",
      "email": "pierre.dupond@mail.fr",
      "language": "fr",
      "timezone": "Europe/Paris",
    }
  }
```

<!--
type: tab
title: From version 1.14.0
-->
```json
  "delivery": {
    "contact": {
      "firstName": "Pierre",
      "lastName": "Dupond",
      "phone": "+33600000000",
      "email": "pierre.dupond@mail.fr",
      "language": "fr",
      "timezone": "Europe/Paris",
      "optIn": {
        "survey": [
          "MAIL"
        ],
        "delivery": [
          "MAIL",
          "SMS"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
```
<!-- type: tab-end -->